How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	#easier to track down any difference. that's cool.
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	#see what change caused what difference. It can be tracked down, what went wrong. Or good.
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	#pros are to avoid unintelliglibe savepoints and creating savepoints on changes what doesnt show much difference. Con is that it can be forgotten easily. I see myself hunting down problems and forgetting about saving, while i touch a bunch of different functions.
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	#files belonging together in a project can highly affect te whole project. Saving them on-by-one manually would mean a lot of work, while taking a snapshot of  the whole project might help a lot to track changes. Also, editing separate emails, or pictures doesnt require to be saved as a bundle. the goal of these systems are different.
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    #pretty hard. git bash is not intuitive at all. It's a disaster to find anything. copy-paste is another chore. Not good.	
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	#It's really obvious that any bug introduced might show up later, but being able to test previous versions for one particular bug is way easier than hunting for one bug in a massive amount of code without any reference or help. This way to find the changes makes it super easy to narrow down the possible problems.
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	#I couldn't follow the instructions. I'll use the original version. These lessons doesn't help at all. Random paths and files, which are not understandable. No. It's not working at all.
