groom suit
a single-breasted jacket. A classic two- or one-button jacket with a low-button stance will keep your look streamlined and slim. Also, look for a jacket with a natural shoulder line and avoid the more broad European styles. 
peak lapels with buttonhole on the left lapel for a boutonniere.
Suit jackets are not meant to be fastened with the bottom button. better-made jackets are cut so that the front halves gently curve away from each other at this point.
the jacket’s waist should be slightly higher than the natural waist. The jacket’s waist is highlighted by waist suppression and button stance. Waist suppression is the tailored narrowing of the jacket’s waist. Button stance is simply the location of the waist button (the button that fastens the jacket) which is the top button on a two-button jacket. 
Ventless jackets are the most formal style.
The double-besomed jetted (slit) hip pocket
The jacket’s sleeves should be finished with four buttons with their edges touching, just like the sleeves on the tailcoat and better business suits.  All of the jacket’s buttons can be plain black or covered in the lapel’s facing.


Trousers:
trousers are made of the same fabric as the jacket.  The waistband is meant to be covered by a waistcoat.
Rise is the measurement from the bottom of the trouser crotch to the top of its waistband. Dress trousers are cut with a long rise to flatter the wearer by visually slimming the wearer’s waist and lengthening the leg line. 
Pockets and pleats intended to sit snugly are flared open by the wide curvature of the hips, the crotch sags and sways beneath the natural crotch and the waistband falls below the waistcoat or the jacket closure thereby exposing an unsightly gap of shirt.  
The width of the bottom of the leg ideally is about two thirds of the length of the shoe. Ideal trouser width should cover most of the shoelaces. 
Belts are out of the question as they add bulk to the waistline and will invariably become exposed as the trouser waist gradually creeps downwards.
Trouser legs are always plain, no cuffs
Vest (Waistcoat)

The classic waistcoat is single-breasted (three buttons) and full back. two single welt pockets

 a suit vest should only be slightly visible above the lapels of the closed jacket and should extend down far enough to cover the trouser waistband.  Suit vests are typically constructed with a full back made of silk or of the suit's lining and have a buckled strap that can be used to adjust the fit.  Vests should be constructed to fit the torso fairly snugly.

Another characteristic of finer quality waistcoats is a tab that attaches to a trouser button to keep them from riding up and exposing the waistband. 

Shirt

The body of a soft evening shirt is typically constructed of a thin fabric that provides maximum breathability such as fine broadcloth, poplin, batiste or voile.  The turndown collar spread or semi-spread. The spread version is more formal and because its tips are hidden under the jacket lapels. The sleeves of soft-front shirts always carry French cuffs (double cuffs in the UK). 

There are no pockets on formal shirts as they are not considered dressy and would interfere with the reinforced bosom.

Ties

i would prefer a necktie over a bow tie. not a regular tie but special one, like a cravat or wide tie



Shoes - Formal Lace-Up (Oxford)
Laced shoes must be as simple as possible in order to respect formalwear’s refined minimalism.  In this regard, 
oxfords are the only allowable style; wingtips and brogues should be avoided as they are too similar to daily work shoes and loafers are also much too casual
plain-toe oxfords are preferable to the extra seam required by cap-toe versions
 the closed-laced balmoral (considered the only true oxford by the British and by American traditionalists) is considered more formal than the open-laced blucher (derby in UK) due to its more streamlined contour
wholecut models have uppers cut from a single piece of leather and therefore trump standard versions due to the absence of side seams  
socks

The traditional choice is silk socks, they should be of the same colour of suit (navy blue). Fine-ribbed cotton-lisle and even wool have been acceptable. Regardless of the material or colour chosen, formal socks must be calf height.  There is probably no better way to ruin a formal outfit than by flashing bare shins when you sit or cross your legs.

examples:
the suit style is perfect, with different colour, and a tie of course
https://www.theknot.com/fashion/1917-pronto-uomo-tuxedo

perfect suit & colour - except from pocket square and tie colour
Lindsay-and-Johann-Cincinnati-Ohio-Wedding-Photography-0007.jpg

ascot goes great with spread collar shirt and looks amazing on a groom
View image